Source of a child-parents relationship (#93)
FamilySearch/GEDCOM.io: _pages/techfaqs.md

Because the nature of `BIRTH` is unclear (is it about the biological progenitors of the child or the social family unit into which it is born?) and a topic some researchers have strong feelings about, either or both of the above may be recorded `PEDI OTHER` instead of `PEDI BIRTH` by some researchers.

> # How do I provide a source citaton for a parent-child relationship?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# How do I provide a source citation for a parent-child relationship?
```

Neither the `FAMC` structure of an individual record nor the `CHIL` structure of a family record supports
having a `SOUR` citation as a substructure.  Today applications often put the `SOUR` directly under the
individual record or the family record, where it lacks specificity in terms of which family or individual
it applies to.

> To maintain specificity, the best place to put the `SOUR` citation today is under an `INDI.BIRT`
> as in the following example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the source applies to a birth or adoption, specificity can be maintained by placing the `SOUR` citation under an `INDI.BIRT` or `INDI.ADOP`,
as in the following example:
```
